#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.6.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
asyncio==3.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via bs4
bs4==0.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.0
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.66.2
    # via
    #   grpcio-tools
    #   qdrant-client
grpcio-tools==1.66.2
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
html2text==2024.2.26
    # via -r requirements.in
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via httpx
httpx[http2]==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   qdrant-client
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-ollama==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-qdrant==0.1.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.0
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.1.133
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.22.0
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   qdrant-client
ollama==0.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-ollama
orjson==3.10.7
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via qdrant-client
propcache==0.2.0
    # via yarl
protobuf==5.28.2
    # via grpcio-tools
pydantic==2.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
pydantic-core==2.23.4
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.5.2
    # via langchain-community
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
qdrant-client==1.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-qdrant
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.35
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.38.6
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via -r requirements.in
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
yarl==1.14.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
